[KOGITO-4335] Process with PostgreSQL persistence for Quarkus/Springboot (#593)
kiegroup/kogito-examples: process-postgresql-persistence-quarkus/README.md

* Review deal user task	(Assignments)
<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/reviewDealUserTask3.png"></p>

## Infrastructure requirements

This quickstart requires a PostgreSQL server to be available with a database, a user and credentials already created
, these configurations should then be set in the connection URI parameter in [applications.properties](src/main/resources/application.properties) file with the key
 `kogito.persistence.postgresql.connection.uri`, i.e `postgresql.connection.uri=postgresql://kogito-user:kogito-pass@localhost:5432/kogito` here are the [full settings for URI](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.6/static/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-CONNSTRING)    
 
You must set the property `kogito.persistence.type=postgresql` to enable PostgreSQL persistence. There is also a
configuration to allow the application to run DDL scripts during the initialization, which you can enable with the
property `kogito.persistence.auto.ddl=true`.
For more details you can check [applications.properties](src/main/resources/application.properties).

Optionally and for convenience, a docker-compose [configuration file](docker-compose/docker-compose.yml) is

>  provided in the path [dockerdocker-compose/](docker-compose/), where you can just run the command from there:

Reviewer: `dockerdocker-compose` label here :)

Author: done

   8055 to allow the database management.
  
  The default admin user is `postgres` with password `pass` as defined in [configuration file](docker-compose.yml).
  
## Build and run

### Prerequisites

You will need:
  - Java 11+ installed
  - Environment variable JAVA_HOME set accordingly
  - Maven 3.6.2+ installed

When using native image compilation, you will also need:
  - GraalVM 19.3+ installed
  - Environment variable GRAALVM_HOME set accordingly
  - GraalVM native image needs as well native-image extension: https://www.graalvm.org/docs/reference-manual/native-image/
  - Note that GraalVM native image compilation typically requires other packages (glibc-devel, zlib-devel and gcc) to be installed too, please refer to GraalVM installation documentation for more details.

### Compile and Run in Local Dev Mode

```sh
mvn clean compile quarkus:dev
```

NOTE: With dev mode of Quarkus you can take advantage of hot reload for business assets like processes, rules, decision tables and java code. No need to redeploy or restart your running application.

### Package and Run in JVM mode

```sh
mvn clean package

> java -jar target/process-postgresql-persistence-quarkus-runner.jar

Reviewer 2: runner jar is not getting generated as part of `clean install`

Author: yeah, it is generating the `fast-jar` because now the uber-jar `runner.jar` is not the default. This should be the same for other examples/services unless we change the default to for the uber-jar generation.
Anyway if you check in the kogito-apps repo, there is a config to force the uber-jar `quarkus.package.type=uber-jar` in the `application.properties` of the services.

Reviewer 2: yeah, fast-jar should be the default now, see https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-examples/pull/601

that probably means we need to update all README for the Quarkkus examples? @evacchi

<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/callADeal2.png"></p>

* Print review the Deal
<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/printReviewTheDeal.png"></p>

* Subprocess (reviewDeal.bpmn)
<p align="center"><img width=75% height=50% src="docs/images/subprocess.png"></p>

* Deal Review (top)
<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/dealReview.png"></p>

* Deal Review (bottom)
<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/dealReview3.png"></p>

* Review deal user task	(top)
<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/reviewDealUserTask.png"></p>

* Review deal user task	(botom)
<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/reviewDealUserTask2.png"></p>

* Review deal user task	(Assignments)
<p align="center"><img src="docs/images/reviewDealUserTask3.png"></p>

## Infrastructure requirements

This quickstart requires a PostgreSQL server to be available with a database, a user and credentials already created
, these configurations should then be set in the connection URI parameter in [applications.properties](src/main/resources/application.properties) file with the key
 `kogito.persistence.postgresql.connection.uri`, i.e `postgresql.connection.uri=postgresql://kogito-user:kogito-pass@localhost:5432

>  /kogito` here are the [full settings for URI](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.6/static/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-CONNSTRING)    

Reviewer: When rendered, the URL looks like `postgresql.connection.uri=postgresql://kogito-user:kogito-pass@localhost:5432
 /kogito` - notice the space after the port.

Author: done

> You must set property - `kogito.persistence.type=postgresql` to enable PostgreSQL persistence. There is also a
>  configuration to allow the application to run DDL scripts during the initialization, this can be enabled with the
>   property `kogito.persistence.auto.ddl=true`.
> For more details you can check [applications.properties](src/main/resources/application.properties).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You must set the property `kogito.persistence.type=postgresql` to enable PostgreSQL persistence. There is also a
configuration to allow the application to run DDL scripts during the initialization, which you can enable with the
property `kogito.persistence.auto.ddl=true`.
For more details you can check [applications.properties](src/main/resources/application.properties).
```

> Optionally and for convenience, a docker-compose [configuration file](dockerdocker-compose/docker-compose.yml) is

Reviewer: Link is broken here.

Author: done

 provided in the

>  path [dockerdocker-compose/](dockerdocker-compose/), where you can just run the command from there:

Reviewer: Same here.

Author: done

  ```sh
  docker-compose up
  ```  
  In this way a container for PostgreSQL running on port 5432, along with PgAdmin, running on port

>    8055 to allow the database management.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Optionally and for convenience, a docker-compose [configuration file](docker-compose/docker-compose.yml) is
provided in the path [docker-compose](docker-compose/), where you can just run the command from there:

```shell
$  docker-compose up```

This way, a container for PostgreSQL runs on port 5432. For database management, PgAdmin runs on port 8055 of the same container.
```

  
  The default admin user for PostgreSQL is `postgres` with password `pass`, for PgAdmin the default user created is
   `user@user.org` with password `pass`, the database connection could be set in PgAdmin using the hostname `postgres

>    -container` for the PostgreSQL server, details

Reviewer: `postgres   -container` - space.

Author: done

    defined in
    [configuration file](dockerdocker-compose  mpose.yml

>    ), an initializer script is executed to create the `kogito` database and `kogito-user`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The default admin user for PostgreSQL is `postgres` with the password `pass`. For PgAdmin the default user created is `user@user.org` with the password `pass`. The database connection could be set in PgAdmin using the hostname `postgres-container` for the PostgreSQL server.

Details defined in the [configuration file](docker-compose/docker-compose.yml) have an initializer script to create the `kogito` database and `kogito-user`.
```

Note that this requires GRAALVM_HOME to point to a valid GraalVM installation

```sh
mvn clean package -Pnative
```

To run the generated native executable, generated in `target/`, execute

```
./target/process-postgresql-persistence-quarkus-runner
```

### OpenAPI (Swagger) documentation
[Specification at swagger.io](https://swagger.io/docs/specification/about/)

You can take a look at the [OpenAPI definition](http://localhost:8080/openapi?format=json) - automatically generated and included in this service - to determine all available operations exposed by this service. For easy readability you can visualize the OpenAPI definition file using a UI tool like for example available [Swagger UI](https://editor.swagger.io).

In addition, various clients to interact with this service can be easily generated using this OpenAPI definition.

When running in either Quarkus Development or Native mode, we also leverage the [Quarkus OpenAPI extension](https://quarkus.io/guides/openapi-swaggerui#use-swagger-ui-for-development) that exposes [Swagger UI](http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui/) that you can use to look at available REST endpoints and send test requests.

### Submit a deal

> To make use of this application it is as simple as putting a sending request to `http://localhost:8080/deals`  with following content

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To make use of this application, it is as simple as sending a request to `http://localhost:8080/deals`  with the following content:
```

```json
{
"name" : "my fancy deal",
"traveller" : {
  "firstName" : "John",
  "lastName" : "Doe",
  "email" : "jon.doe@example.com",
  "nationality" : "American",
  "address" : {
  	"street" : "main street",
  	"city" : "Boston",
  	"zipCode" : "10005",
  	"country" : "US" }
  }
}

```

Complete curl command can be found below:

```
curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type:application/json' -H 'Accept:application/json' -d '{"name" : "my fancy deal", "traveller" : { "firstName" : "John", "lastName" : "Doe", "email" : "jon.doe@example.com", "nationality" : "American","address" : { "street" : "main street", "city" : "Boston", "zipCode" : "10005", "country" : "US" }}}' http://localhost:8080/deals
```

> this will then trigger the review user task that you can work with.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This will trigger the review user task that you can work with.
```

### Get review task for given deal

> First you can display all active reviews of deals

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
First, you can display all active reviews of deals:
```

```
curl -H 'Content-Type:application/json' -H 'Accept:application/json' http://localhost:8080/dealreviews
```

> based on the response you can select one of the reviews to see more details

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Based on the response, you can select one of the reviews to see more details:
```

```
curl -H 'Content-Type:application/json' -H 'Accept:application/json' http://localhost:8080/dealreviews/{uuid}/tasks?user=john
```

> where uuid is the id of the deal review you want to work with.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Where `{uuid}` is the id of the deal review you want to work with.
```

> Next you can get the details assigned to review user task by

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Next, you can get the details assigned to review the user task by:
```

```
curl -H 'Content-Type:application/json' -H 'Accept:application/json' http://localhost:8080/dealreviews/{uuid}/review/{tuuid}?user=john
```

> where uuid is the id of the deal review and tuuid is the id of the user task you want to get

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Where `{uuid}` is the id of the deal review and `{tuuid}` is the id of the user task you want to get
```

### Complete review task for given deal

> Last but not least you can complete review user task by

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Last but not least, you can complete the review user task by:
```

```
curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type:application/json' -H 'Accept:application/json' -d '{"review" : "very good work"}' http://localhost:8080/dealreviews/{uuid}/review/{tuuid}?user=john
```

> where uuid is the id of the deal review and tuuid is the id of the user task you want to get

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Where `{uuid}` is the id of the deal review and `{tuuid}` is the id of the user task you want to get.
```

> * Review Log should look similar to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The review Log should look similar to:
```
